* 1.2.0 *
The option --keywordize was renamed to --keywords. The behaviour of --dry-run
option is fixed (there are bugs #539346 in Debian and #322623 in Ubuntu).


* 1.1.0 *

The current post release contains two small fixes. One of them is for a
documentation formatting. Hence a manual page looks better and more
understandable. Another fix is addressed to the configuration file parser. So,
a speed of parsing is increased a little bit.


* 1.1 *

The dying is less informative now, when verbosity level set to zero. All
messages which are not related to the 'info' or 'process' category will be put
to the standard error stream.


* 1.1rc3 *

The option --aggr-virtual-directory was removed, you should use
--aggr-directory instead. Now the '#' (hash) symbol could be used at the begin
of given color value in a command line. The tree for an aggregation is created
automatically. Documentation has been updated accordingly.


* 1.1rc2 *

Serveral bugs were fixed in the aggregation framework. The hardcoded path
separator symbols are removed. This should bring proper path interpretation on
other than Unix operating systems. The virtual aggregation is worked now for
delta aggregation mode as well. In according to the last changes the
documentation has been updated. Additionally a small optimization was done in
the contact sheet generator.


* 1.1rc1 *

There is major improvement of the existent functionality. In this release the
thumbnail generation has been added (see --generate-thumb option). An
aggregation could be performed with absolute path now, but on the same file
system. A thumbnail image for the contact sheet generator could be now in any
supported format by ImageMagick. The plain documentation was expanded
especially in contact sheet generator part. The sample directory has been
created with the dotrank and dotkeywords files. Additionally a few bugs were
fixed. The option --no-ren-rot-tag-mtm was renamed to the --no-renrot. Also the
debug messages are prepended by a calling function name.


* 1.0 *

A major upgrade was done. The contact sheet generator has been implemented.
This new feature requires the Image::Magick Perl module at run-time. In
addition to the contact sheet generator framework, the rank functionality has
been added. See the applied manual to get details for using it. The
configuration parameter "use color" is turned off by default.


* 0.25 *

Several bugs were fixed after the last release. The "tag" target in the
Makefile works properly now. The bug with clearing all EXIF tags (when
--no-backup option is given) was possibly fixed as well. The configuration
parameter "use color" has been added with the default value set to "yes".
However, the --color option was dropped and should not be used anyway. The
processing message look has been tuned: now it shows "(m of n)" files
processed.


* 0.24 *

The colorization for output has been implemented. The options --use-color and
--color were added. A new configuration file with a user's color scheme called
colors.conf would be placed in the /etc/renrot or in a similar directory.


* 0.23 *

The additional template sequences %C, %O, and %o had been added. They
represent the original filename counter, base part, and full copy of the
original filename respectively. A new tag, RenRotFileNameOriginal, is written
after the first pass by renrot. On the Win32 platform, the home path is taken
from the environment variable USERPROFILE instead of HOME. The IPC support for
rotating thumbnails has been added. The output messages of the usage function
have been reformatted.


* 0.22 *

A new option --no-tags has been added. Use it when you don't want to write
EXIF tags. The 'no'-prefixed aliases to the 'no-' options were added:
--norename, --norotate, and --notags. The main functionality has been expanded
with the keywordizer procedure. See the applied manual to get details for
using it.


* 0.21.1 *

The new template parameters %n and %e have been added, representing the
original name and the extension of the given file, respectively. A new
--backup option has been added, and --no-backup should be used if you don't
want to backup the original files before rotating. Additionally, the online
(-h) documentation has been reduced to approach 80 characters wide. The bug
with counter in has been fixed.


* 0.21 *

The new one-letter aliases had been added (see -n, -a, and -t in the manual).
The aggregation directory argument is checked for a level of path (the current
and multilevel directory isn't supported now). The --dry-run option now works
on the almost general functions. The old style tag options is no longer
supported. The tags documentation has been expanded. Additionally, the CONFIG
section has been partially rewritten.


* 0.21rc3 *

The issue where the parsed data of the configuration files was not used was
fixed. The RESTRICTIONS and BUGS sections have been expanded with the
description of the discovered problem on FreeBSD 6 with Perl 5.8.7/5.8.8.


* 0.21rc2 *

The include directive for the configuration file has been added. The
configuration file is split into the main part and the tag definitions. The
new configuration files are relocated to the their own directory on a
filesystem. The configuration keywords were expanded (a new TagFile directive
was added). The comment file configuration variable is deprecated now. Two
issues in the tag parser were fixed. The virtualization of an aggregation has
been implemented. The documentation has been expanded according to above
changes. A detailed description of the TAGS section was written.


* 0.21rc1 *

A new tag parser and option style are represented in this version (the old
style of the tag prefixed options still works, but is deprecated). The EXIF
data for a rotated file is rewritten (used ExifTool rather than jpegtran). The
ExifTool requirement was updated due to a new implementation of WriteInfo().
The documentation has been expanded with a new part in README.Windows, BUGS,
and TAGS sections have been added to the manual.


* 0.20 *

The deprecated options (--aggr, --aggr-dumb, and the "delta" keyword in the
--aggr-template) and their configuration variables were removed. The old style
of the configuration file is not supported. An extension is no longer used for
the file set. A new "trim" variable has been added to the configuration file
(represented by --trim in the command line). The script writes its own XMP
tags to the RenRot called group. The default aggregation directory value has
been changed, and the dot delimeter is added to the directory name before a
counter. The documentation has been expanded according to the last changes.


* 0.20rc3 *

The --aggr-dumb option and related configuration variable are deprecated (use
--dry-run instead). The --aggr switcher and 'delta' keyword in the
--aggr-template option are deprecated as well (use --aggr-mode='none',
'delta', or 'template'). The aggregation mode can be defined via the
configuration file. The start and step counter values can be derived by the
--counter-start and --counter-step command line options. A new option
--counter-fixed-field provides a fixed field when a counter is used in a
template.


* 0.20rc2 *

A new style of configuration file was described in README. This style is used
by default. Some useful comments were added to the sample configuration file.
The TODO file was cleaned up. The check for configuration file presence has
been restored.


* 0.20rc1 *

This release presents a new style of the configuration file. The new option,
--user-comment, allows the UserComment tag to be set from the command line.
The --aggr-dir option alias has been removed. The 180 degree may now be used
with the --rotate-angle or --rotate-thumb options, and their parameters are
checked for correctness. Special symbols in filenames should no longer cause
problems. The --work-directory options should work properly now. The
documentation was expanded with an explanation of Orientation tag rotation.


* 0.19.3 *

The bug which occurred when rotating filenames containing special symbols has
been fixed. The empty --extension argument is no longer available. A small
optimization has been implemented. No attempt is made to process absent files.
Smart Orientation tag rotation has been implemented for the rotation process.


* 0.19.2 *

The --rotate and --ext option aliases have been removed, and -aggr-dir has
been moved to deprecated (use --aggr-directory instead). A small optimization
in the aggregation process function has been implemented. Simplified counter
size calculation has been added. The hard-coded 'jpg' extension has been
changed to a lowercased value of the --extension command line option. The
'.ext' form of extension is recognized. The documentation has been expanded
with NEWS (a user-friendly changelog).


* 0.19.1 *

Several bugs were fixed. The thumbnail image did not rotate correctly. The
--file option is obsolete because it's useless (command line arguments without
switchers are also interpreted as files). Directories in aggregation mode use
counter size as well. A new option --exclude provides an exclude list of files
that will not be processed by the script. The documentation has been expanded
with a small description in Russian.


* 0.19 *

Aggregation was implemented (moving files to directories according date/time
patterns). Dynamic counter size (in decimal digits) was implemented. No puts a
single letter for %E, %F, %I, or %W when the tag is absent. Now you may
operate with a fileset instead of the whole directory. An mtime setting was
added to the configuration file and switched on by default (use --no-mtime to
negate this). --rotate and --ext options are deprecated. The FileModifyDate
tag is written when the DateTimeOriginal tag is absent. A software tag with
versions of tools is written to the passed file.


* 0.16.1 *

When a new file name is generated and a file is present on the filesystem with
same name, the last would be lost in previous version. This bug has been
fixed. The spelling in the documentation was corrected.


* 0.16 *

The new template ideology was implemented for image file naming. The user may
choose any configuration of certain parameters set for a generated file name.
A new option was added for setting the mtime file attribute equal to the the
DateTimeOriginal tag or the current timestamp when the last is invalid. The
documentation was expanded and partialy rewritten according to these
enhancements.


* 0.15.1 *

A --work-directory option was added. The output procedure has been rewritten
and more debugging information is posted to stderr instead of stdout. Values
in the configuration file are quoted by single quotes instead of double (due
to special symbol issues such as "@" in email).


* 0.15 *

This release adds caching filenames for the working directory to avoid
processing the processed files (processed files could be rescanned while
processing a large number files in the directory). The ISO tag has been chosen
instead of CameraISO, since not all cameras support the latter.


* 0.14.2 *

First published release.
